in the 1930s in spain appeared as
strange infectious disease in children
this disease causes children to lose
their feelings of pain no sweat glands
can't cry so is it good or bad when
children get this disease the answer is
bad the children are unaware of its
danger they don't know that what they do
will hurt others because not knowing
what pain was the children took their
bodies out in their free time to play
with themselves how sad it is officials
said that these children are demons they
want to bring the children to the
monastery on the mountain to isolate
them from the outside world the masses
protested but the children were still
taken away they don't know this
separation will last a lifetime when
those children were taken to the
monastery they had their hair cut
tattooed their number and wearing a bra
and a mask over their mouths then they
were locked in separately room in the
room there is only a small window and
nothing to play with the child can only
play with the sun to comfort is this the
treatment or imprisoning these poor
children this nun is the only one who
loves the boy she is always very
meticulous to feed him by herself
looking at this innocent adorable face
tears fell from self-control the child
wiped the nuns tears and asked what is
this the nun said that these are tears
when people feel happier in pain they
shed tears the child asked again what is
pain it is the opposite of joy the child
innocently asked if she was in pain the
nun answered with a smile that she was
happy but when the nun just got out the
door she couldn't help but ask the
doctor that how long will the kids be
locked up and how are they supposed to
cure them but the doctor told her there
is no cure for this disease the nun
finished listening in amazement but she
heard that there is a german expert who
will come to cure these children but the
doctor had quashed her hopes that expert
doesn't come to this distant country and
heal a bunch of demons the child is in
the dark room vaguely hearing singing
beside the boy was very curious so he
kept the spoon to dig the dirt on the
edge of the wall through the small void
he saw a little girl in that closed
secret space the two children met and
made friends for the first time but at
that moment someone came was the expert
in the legend that the nun always
mentioned the nun applied eye drops for
him because the boy could not cry
he needed specialized eye drops the
expert was amazed he was very interested
in this strange disease so he decided to
stay here to help these unhappy children
through the test results the children's
sensory nerve activity index was zero
that means this disease is incurable but
the expert did not give up first he
wants these children to know what pain
is so he started teaching the kids by
showing them the experiment then he
brought in a dog with a tumor in his
left kidney and asked the children to
feel it this boy's genius is very high
he successfully removed that tumor
without harming the little dog's life
this is the first step in the treatment
chain because of this the children know
how to avoid hurting themselves the boy
told the expert that he wanted to take
care of the dog but was rejected by the
abbot but the boy sneakily hugged the
dog back to the room that night not long
after the puppies cry caught the nun's
attention they thought he hurt the dog
she gave him a slap then they took the
dog back and beat him the very angry boy
used a surgical knife to attack the nun
it was very difficult for them to change
the boy but this time he became the
devil in everyone's thoughts again that
day a group of soldiers went to the
monastery they want to take the sick
kids away in danger the expert took his
status to save the children and nuns but
in this harsh war time the medical
supplies in the monastery were almost
exhausted the expert has no way to
maintain the research he also had no way
to return the children to their families
so he decided to give the child a shot
of medicine to safely leave but through
that little hole the boy witnessed his
only friend being injected to death
that was the first time the boy shed
tears he had no way of accepting this he
also cannot understand the expert always
protects them but now he wanted to harm
them like that this is the first time he
feels pain as the expert was about to
give the boy an injection he did not
hesitate to put an end to him the
miserable boy stretched out his small
hands but he wanted the monk to embrace
him but the nun was threatened with the
daze she ran outside and closed the door
the door closed also meant that no one
could save the boy until three years
later an army officer came to the
monastery inside was still a dark room
suddenly they found out there was a
skeleton hanging on the window in the
dark corner they found a child because
he hasn't interacted with other people
for a long time so he forgot how to talk
the officer gave him a name benigno by
the time the boy has grown up on his
body are scars that look terrifying
looks like a devil the officer takes
advantage of his special illness and
turns him into an emotionless
interrogation machine ben can do the
cruel tactics interrogate the most
stubborn criminals the day a female
criminal was brought there she has no
fear at all ben sees in her eyes the
figure of his old friend not only did
ben not hurt her but he also untied the
ropes for her maybe he considered this
girl in front of him to be the little
girl from the past once locked up with
him that she gave him some comfort that
day the officer received an order from
his superior to prepare for the
evacuation the officer had to kill the
girl but ben stopped him turns out she
was pregnant the officer decided to put
a deal on him he wanted to raise the
child and the two will be free and no
longer knew what freedom was but he
agreed ben thought that this is a good
house for the baby few decades passed a
doctor went with his pregnant wife they
were in a traffic accident by chance the
wife passed away the baby in the womb
survived but the husband had a hard time
escaping death then he discovered that
he had leukemia the only way to cure it
is through a parent's bone marrow
transplant but he learned the truth that
he was not the biological child of his
parents his father did not want to
reveal his biological father because it
was a heavenly secret even decades ago
that secret was buried deep the man was
the kid that was taken away that year
and his father was that officer the
reason to hide this is because he didn't
want to face the crimes he committed
when these things were revealed little
by little he was overwhelmed with guilt
so he chose to commit suicide the man
went to the monastery that year and
found the room that locked his father he
discovered a secret tunnel there are
many capsules here maybe they are
already dead but suddenly there appeared
a young woman here at this moment ben
appeared in the back and attacked him
flames fell to the ground the two of
them stared at each other when they
looked deeply into the other's eyes they
immediately realized the bond of blood
this is the first time they met ben
embraced the woman and stepped into the
fire then he looked at his son you spire
to end the story a senseless life just
passed like that thank you for watching
follow my page to watch more film review
you